README.md, before:

![](/art/logo.png)

# Friday Night Funkin' FPS Plus Mobile
Friday Night Funkin' FPS Plus is an engine mod of Friday Night Funkin' that aims to improve gameplay and add quality of life features.

*You can find the original game here:* **[Newgrounds](https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/770371) - [itch.io](https://ninja-muffin24.itch.io/funkin) - [GitHub](https://github.com/ninjamuffin99/Funkin)**

## 

FPS Plus was originally designed to increase the framerate of Friday Night Funkin' and is still currently (as far as I know) the only engine that allows for an unlocked framerate. It also features a plethora of enhancements and quality of life features. A bunch of systems are also changed as well that alter the workflow of coding stuff into the engine.

## Building

To download and install all libraries required compiling, you must install Haxe's Module Manager (`hmm`).

* To install and set up `hmm`, run the following commands:
    ```
        haxelib --global install hmm
        haxelib --global run hmm setup
    ```

* After `hmm`'s install is complete, run `hmm install` in the root directory to install all haxelibs.

* After installing all libraries, run `haxelib run lime setup` to set up `lime`.

To set up build tools, refer to part 8 of [this document](https://github.com/FunkinCrew/Funkin/blob/main/docs/COMPILING.md).

Run `lime test PLATFORM` or `lime build PLATFORM` to compile the game.

**If you are getting an error that says that a bunch of Flixel classes are missing fields, you need to reinstall Haxe. I don't know what causes this I just know that reinstalling Haxe should fix it.**

## Credits
### Friday Night Funkin'
- [ninjamuffin99](https://twitter.com/ninja_muffin99) - Programmer
- [PhantomArcade3K](https://twitter.com/phantomarcade3k) and [Evilsk8r](https://twitter.com/evilsk8r) - Art
- [Kawaisprite](https://twitter.com/kawaisprite) - Musician

### FPS Plus
- [Rozebud](https://twitter.com/helpme_thebigt) - *Basically everything that's been added.*
- [Elikapika](https://twitter.com/elikapika) - *Additional Sticker Art*
- [River Music](https://twitter.com/rivermusic_) - *Additional Sticker Art*
- [Everyone else who has contributed to the engine.](https://github.com/ThatRozebudDude/FPS-Plus-Public/graphs/contributors)

### Shoutouts
- [Fabs](https://twitter.com/fabsthefabs) - Coding buddy.
- [Smokey](https://twitter.com/Smokey_5_) - Helped with coding a few systems.
- [KadeDev](https://twitter.com/kade0912) - *Rest in Peace* (Engine not the guy lol)
- [ShadowMario](https://twitter.com/Shadow_Mario_) - Showing support for FPS Plus on Twitter. (Also sometimes I adapt Psych code, *shhhh...*)
- [Ethab Taxi](https://twitter.com/EthabTaxi) - He's just sorta chillin'.

Commit message:

idk if this works or not

README.md, after:

![](/art/logo.png)

# Friday Night Funkin' FPS Plus Mobile
Friday Night Funkin' FPS Plus is an engine mod of Friday Night Funkin' that aims to improve gameplay and add quality of life features.

*You can find the original game here:* **[Newgrounds](https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/770371) - [itch.io](https://ninja-muffin24.itch.io/funkin) - [GitHub](https://github.com/ninjamuffin99/Funkin)**

## 

FPS Plus was originally designed to increase the framerate of Friday Night Funkin' and is still currently (as far as I know) the only engine that allows for an unlocked framerate. It also features a plethora of enhancements and quality of life features. A bunch of systems are also changed as well that alter the workflow of coding stuff into the engine.

## Building

To download and install all libraries required compiling, you must install Haxe's Module Manager (`hmm`).

* To install and set up `hmm`, run the following commands:
    ```
        haxelib --global install hmm
        haxelib --global run hmm setup
    ```

* After `hmm`'s install is complete, run `hmm install` in the root directory to install all haxelibs.

* After installing all libraries, run `haxelib run lime setup` to set up `lime`.

To set up build tools, refer to part 8 of [this document](https://github.com/FunkinCrew/Funkin/blob/main/docs/COMPILING.md).

Run `lime test PLATFORM` or `lime build PLATFORM` to compile the game.

**If you are getting an error that says that a bunch of Flixel classes are missing fields, you need to reinstall Haxe. I don't know what causes this I just know that reinstalling Haxe should fix it.**

## Credits
### Friday Night Funkin'
- [ninjamuffin99](https://twitter.com/ninja_muffin99) - Programmer
- [PhantomArcade3K](https://twitter.com/phantomarcade3k) and [Evilsk8r](https://twitter.com/evilsk8r) - Art
- [Kawaisprite](https://twitter.com/kawaisprite) - Musician

### FPS Plus Mobile
- [Lily](https://www.youtube.com/@mcagabe19) - Everything on this port
- [Karim Akra](https://www.youtube.com/@Karim-Akra) - Helped on Binds

### FPS Plus
- [Rozebud](https://twitter.com/helpme_thebigt) - *Basically everything that's been added.*
- [Elikapika](https://twitter.com/elikapika) - *Additional Sticker Art*
- [River Music](https://twitter.com/rivermusic_) - *Additional Sticker Art*
- [Everyone else who has contributed to the engine.](https://github.com/ThatRozebudDude/FPS-Plus-Public/graphs/contributors)

### Shoutouts
- [Fabs](https://twitter.com/fabsthefabs) - Coding buddy.
- [Smokey](https://twitter.com/Smokey_5_) - Helped with coding a few systems.
- [KadeDev](https://twitter.com/kade0912) - *Rest in Peace* (Engine not the guy lol)
- [ShadowMario](https://twitter.com/Shadow_Mario_) - Showing support for FPS Plus on Twitter. (Also sometimes I adapt Psych code, *shhhh...*)
- [Ethab Taxi](https://twitter.com/EthabTaxi) - He's just sorta chillin'.
